Lab-4-Bad-Config/README.md, before:

# EC2 Instance - Open port checker.

M.Chambers 2016

## aCloud.Guru

This file was created for the purposes of the Event Based Security course from aCloud.Guru

## What does it do?
This is a Lambda function built to be a custom AWS Config Rule.

The function is designed to report back on open ports against EC2 instances.   This is not as straight forward as you might think... :)

We evaluate SECURITY GROUPS, but report back on INSTANCES.

If the INSTANCE changes, we evaluate is based on its security groups.

But if a SECURITY GROUP changes we need to make sure that a compliant 
evaluation of the security group does not incorrectly evaluate an otherwise 
in-compliant instance.  Therefore, when one security group changes we need 
to evaluate ALL the security groups for ALL the related instances.

Therefore we need to trigger this rule for EITHER security group changes OR instance changes 
(e.g. if the instance adds or removes security groups we need to evaluate based on instance, 
if a security group changes rules we need to be triggered by the change in security group.)

## How to setup:

### Lambda Role Policy:
`
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "logs:CreateLogGroup",
                "logs:CreateLogStream",
                "logs:PutLogEvents"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:logs:*:*:*"
        },
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "ec2:DescribeInstances",
                "ec2:DescribeSecurityGroups"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        },
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "config:Put*"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
`

### AWS Config Rule Settings:

Trigger type = Configuration changes
Resources = EC2:SecurityGroup, EC2:Instance

Key: port1, Value: [portNumber] e.g. 80 and or
Key: port2, Value: [portRange]  e.g. 0-1024

##IMPORTANT
These files are distributed on an AS IS BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.

Commit message:

Added note to README files
Added note to reiterate the existing disclaimer to the effect that this
code is not supported by me or anyone else.

Lab-4-Bad-Config/README.md, after:

# EC2 Instance - Open port checker.

M.Chambers 2016

Please understand that I do not support this code, and neither does anyone else. Sorry.

You should never install anything in an AWS account that is not supported (i.e. written and support by you, verified and supported by you, or under a 3rd party support arrangement).  To verify a 'thing' you could absolutely install it in an isolated test environment, but even then under a watchful eye, especially if the 'thing' is going to incur costs.

## aCloud.Guru

This file was created for the purposes of the Event Based Security course from aCloud.Guru

## What does it do?
This is a Lambda function built to be a custom AWS Config Rule.

The function is designed to report back on open ports against EC2 instances.   This is not as straight forward as you might think... :)

We evaluate SECURITY GROUPS, but report back on INSTANCES.

If the INSTANCE changes, we evaluate is based on its security groups.

But if a SECURITY GROUP changes we need to make sure that a compliant
evaluation of the security group does not incorrectly evaluate an otherwise
in-compliant instance.  Therefore, when one security group changes we need
to evaluate ALL the security groups for ALL the related instances.

Therefore we need to trigger this rule for EITHER security group changes OR instance changes
(e.g. if the instance adds or removes security groups we need to evaluate based on instance,
if a security group changes rules we need to be triggered by the change in security group.)

## How to setup:

### Lambda Role Policy:
`
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "logs:CreateLogGroup",
                "logs:CreateLogStream",
                "logs:PutLogEvents"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:logs:*:*:*"
        },
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "ec2:DescribeInstances",
                "ec2:DescribeSecurityGroups"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        },
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "config:Put*"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
`

### AWS Config Rule Settings:

Trigger type = Configuration changes
Resources = EC2:SecurityGroup, EC2:Instance

Key: port1, Value: [portNumber] e.g. 80 and or
Key: port2, Value: [portRange]  e.g. 0-1024

##IMPORTANT
These files are distributed on an AS IS BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
